== Coder Cola

Coder Cola is a simple Rails application built to mimic a single page e-commerce store. It implements
Pusher[http://www.pusher.com] for real time ordering updates, Bootstrap[http://getbootstrap.com/] for responsive design
and Devise[https://github.com/plataformatec/devise] for user authentication.

=== Installation

These instructions operate on the assumption that you have both Ruby 2.2.x and MySQL installed.

1. Navigate to the coder_cola directory

    cd coder_cola

2. Install gems

    bundle install

3. Create and seed the database

    rake db:setup

4. Run the application

    rails server

* If for whatever reason you are not able to get the app running locally, please test it out at
  http://codercola.allsurfspots.com

=== Usage

* The site is fully responsive, so feel free to open it up on your desktop, tablet or phone

* Feel free to register as many users as you want. Clicking on the "Your Orders" link will display the current number
  of orders. Clicking on "New Order" will allow you to submit a new order.

* There are 3 ways to invoke Pusher event(s):

  1. Register a user, and then submit a order
  2. Click on the "Pusher Create Example Orders" link at the bottom of the screen
  3. Manually invoke the pusher rake task:

      rake pusher:order:push_examples

  * Only method 1 actually corresponds with the creation of an order. Methods 2 and 3 simply create 5 example
    events, which will not correspond to the actual number of orders in the system. Refreshing the page will clear
    all example events created in methods 2 and 3.

=== Notes, Bugs, etc

* Due to time constraints and my own inexperience with Minitest, the testing coverage is woefully inadequate. Given more
  time I believe this could be greatly improved.
